						HR-MEETING Report
				 Submitted To : Mr. Zaki Shaheen , Mr. Qasim Shahzad
				 		Date:7-July-2015


Introduction
As per the requirements of our first assignment I attended the meeting with Mr.Bilal Iqbal and found the following points interesting and relevant to my job. The report is divided into paragraphs indicating different aspects of our meeting with HR.

-> Work Related Queries:
	i.  For any work related query first Contact yoyu supervisor
	ii. Then if needed contact HR and if HR is not replying to your query then contact COO Ahsan
-> Benefits:

	All the benefits that an employee can get here are mentioned on his/her job offer letter that includes 
	-> Medical Allowance 
		i.  Around 1250Rs are detucted from employees salary every month which makes it around 15000 per annum.

		ii. Employee can use the medical allowance on monthly bases or he/she can get 15000 altoghether if needed.

		iii.To get the medical allowance the employee should submit the prescription and the medical bill.

		iv. Medical allowance will be written off if not claimed by the employee within the time span of one year.

		v.  Medical allowance is available for Employee, his/her parents,spouse and kids.

		vi. An employee can check the status of its medical allowance anytime he/she wants.

	-> Employees Provident fund.
		i. Employee's provident fund is explained later in this document.

	-> Over Time
		i. One such benefit that was not mentioned on the job offer letter was overtime, although coeus solutions do not encourage 			   doing overtime but still if an employee does overtime he/she is paid on the hourly bases and during overtime the employee can 			   have any meal of max Rs 350 on company’s log.

		Benefit such as travelling allowance is added also in the monthly salary package.

-> LEAVES:

	->Sick Leaves:
		i.Maximum 8 sick leaves are allowed per year.
		ii.These are managed through coeus attendance management software CSHR 
	->Privileged Leaves:
	i.  	Total 18 privileged leaves are allowed per year.

	ii. 	To get privileged leaves the employee has to apply for a leave through Coeus attendance management software CSHR

	iii.	If an employee does not complete its quota of annual privileged leaves then his/her remaining leaves are added to the next 			year’s quota of privileged leaves.

	iv. 	Privileged leaves are encashable, at the time of resignation an employee can encash his/her remaining leaves.

	v.  	If an employee takes more leaves than allowed then either it is deducted from his salary depending on the number of leaves  		    	or the next year’s quota is reduced by the number of exceeded leaves.

	->Restrictions during leaves:
	i. 	Coeus solution forbids its employees to do any work for any company or freelance work during leave, if someone is found doing 		         it he/she will be fired immediately.

-> SALARY AND ACCOUNTS:

	-> Bank Account and Salarydate:
	i.	Company’s official salary date is 5th of every month, it can vary too but it is not delayed more than 9th day of the month.

	ii.	Salaries are transeferred to Standard Chartered Bank online.

	iii.	All the procedure of account opening that includes form filling,documents verification is done in the company's premises.

	iv.	On account opening employee is offered free check book, credit card facility and readyline loan facility.

	
	-> Employees Provident Fund(EPF):
	i.	Company deducts certain amount of money from employee's monthly salary and adds the same amount of money from its side.

	ii.	An employee’s EPF matures after an year,it means that an employee becomes eligible for EPF after a year.

	iii.	If the employee resigns before one year then he will only get the amount deducted from his salary till his/her resignation not 			the amount that company added into the EPF.

	iv.	Company issues loans to its employees against their EPF.

	-> Increment Procedure:
	i.	Coeus Solutions awards increments on performance bases.

	ii.	In every July performance of the employees is evaluated and a standard deviation is made and increments are awarded according to 			that standard deviation.

	iii.	Amount of bonus is based on company’s budget.

	iv.	People joining before or during month of March are eligible for the annual salary increment in July.

	-> Performance bonuses:
	i.	An employee’s  performance is evaluated by its supervisor and is awarded up to one basic salary if he/she fulfills the criteria.

	ii.	The employee receives the bonus six month after being awarded the bonus.

-> PROMOTIONS:

	i.	As an Associate Software Engineer one should have an experience of at least 1 year to become eligible to apply for promotion as
 		a Software Engineer.

	ii.	The company will not come to the employee for the promotion, after an year of service if the employee thinks that he/she is 			eligible for the promotions he/she should apply for it.

	iii.	At least 2 recommendations are required from your supervisor and the people you have worked under stating that you have attained 			enough skills to be promoted as a Software Engineer.

-> RESIGNATION PROCEDURE:

	i.	Discuss the purpose of resigning with your supervisor before actually resigning and if that discussion does not fulfill your 		  	 requirements then you may resign.

	ii.	Notify at least one month before resigning so the company could hire your replacement before you leave the company.

	iii.	If in probation period then notify at least 15 days before leaving.

-> MASTER SCHOLARSHIP:
	i.	The person should be and employee of coeus solutions for at least 3 years to become eligible to apply for the Masters 			Scholarship in Berlin.

	ii.	If an employee gets the scholarship and moves to Berlin then he/she is allowed to do part time job of 20 hours per week at Coeus 			Solutions Berlin office.

-> MISCELLANEOUS ISSUES:
	i.	If being bullied or being discriminated at workplace then contact your supervisor and if supervisor does not take appropriate 			action then contact HR.

	ii.	Dress good, dress gracefully.

